hi guys Chris here from extrastriate and
I've been rightly restored to my
position after being briefly usurped for
a duffel bag for review and Paul I sort
of kindly gave way to pool to review the
ton duffel bag however Here I am
reviewing the greatest impact duffle bag
another in the range of gray Nichols
bags and indeed granules duffle bags you
see my review for the 1000 thousand
dollar bag so first thing you'll notice
about this is something quite unusual
about duffle bags one strapping
regularly you'd have two straps on a
duffel bag one over each shoulder and so
this is quite a sort of a new idea from
grey necks and I quite like it I think
it does a job going across the chest
it's quite it's comfortable the strap is
you can zoom in on that is nice and
padded so you are gonna be it's not
going to be too uncomfortable they're
sitting across your chest and so I think
that's good but there is a major
criticism I'd have if you'd assume RG
for the willow six duffel bag you'll
have noticed something quite unusually
it has a clip across and that is so
incredibly useful when you've just got a
single strap because it means you unclip
it and you can take it off rather than
having to if you want every single time
lift it up and take it over your head
and to put it back on you have to lift
it up and put it back on like that which
is a bit of a bit of a hassle really and
that would be my criticism about the one
strap I did now on to the back I think
it's certainly pretty bright the impact
it's as the color scheme of the
powerboat Generation X as you can see
that the bat that I myself for using
this year obviously Greg Nickels being
live sponsors this year but I think if
you are a fan of that color scheme then
really go for it because it's pretty
bright pretty garish but either thing he
looks good myself and Paul both agree
it's a good looking bag you also notice
it's got this heavy duty grey Nichols
material that they're using this sort of
hexagonal
waterproof type material that they've
gone for this year in a big way which is
very heavy-duty hardware and which is
good I also like the fact it's got this
extra handle
so if you some week it's down in the car
or the changing for example pick it up
about that very easily so you don't this
will Scrabble around on the floor
looking for the bigger handle which is a
nice little touch
now as I said I mean we shall start with
the outside so I'll keep up with that
zip here goes down into quite a big
section there but I've used it for
valuables phones etc but you can use it
for maybe queries if you can fit some
clothes in there but I think valuables
is the best well what we would use it
for it's just quick yet men you come to
the bat section which is very even
that's on the outside and some people
are saying I seen your damage with
bashed exceptions I personally think
it's a nice and padded back section pull
it out we've got this gorgeous X 181 750
picks up really Josefina we get our
hands on that beautiful so only one any
warm fat section which is a little bit
disappointing but then this is one of
the lower medium sort of price points
for a duffel bag and I cannot stress the
value for money this really blows me
away it's a big bag Ashley Granicus
claim it's a hundred by 36 by 36 which
would put it right up there with the big
boys of the duffel bag world and for the
price which I'll say the best till last
guys it's really good so we'll move to
the inside first thing I'll show you it
is notice that we haven't even used all
of the space there's still quite a bit
of room if you can see inside that guys
to put more stuff in there so do bear
that mind it's not completely full up
which is quite impressive when you see
we've got a fair few bits and pieces in
that Bolivian for start buffing pads
they're obviously grey nickels we're
gonna stick with that theme as much as
possible in there
some obsidian is 40 want gloves English
a Lincoln Captain Alastair Chuck or not
English captain the shane warne had his
way now we've got some whites in here I
cannot forget White's after I sledge
pull for forgetting them in his CK 22
video so you know what top what trousers
a little on the top then big up to the
West Indies in their battle out with
newsy in with New Zealand at the moment
Caribbean she sort of box briefs there
of the aro variety keep everything nice
and comfortable aro strippers thigh pad
sets cooker a helmet and you how much
adieu stay tuned for that review as well
box finally in the color scheme with the
bag so as you can see it's a pretty big
bag inside actually it's much bigger
than I thought
I when I first took this out the packet
you think you know it's not massive it's
a good size then you start loading it
and it's like a TARDIS it can just keep
taking more and more stuff which is
something I'm really impressed with from
grey necks the only thing I'd say is
it's not the most organized it is
literally just one big section there in
the middle which isn't ideal if you're
someone who likes an organized kit bag
however if you do not if you are someone
who likes a big duffle bag for a great
price that looks pretty good
there's no place further to look than
this instead it's a drawstring handle
strap closing which icon like I prefer
that of the zip teeny little bit more
traditional bit classier so I keep
banging on about the price guys and
there's a reason 25:19 are always
selling a swan for and that's stupid
money if you ask me when you're
considering that some duffle bags are
selling for 40 or even over 40 pound and
this is pretty much just as big it's got
a nice protective padded handle it's
gonna take your bat it's gonna have room
for all the stuff you really need
especially if you're just a club
cricketer or just want the bag for
training for example then this grain
equals impact duffle bag is the really
good options you guys great value for
money I cannot stress that enough so
good to see grain it's still churning
out high quality gear guys and we do
have these in stock in our central and
the store here it's just cricket so do
come down give these a look in store or
order them online we can ship those to
you anywhere in the world guys so there
you go the gray Nichols impact duffle
bag thank you very much for watching
we'll see you soon